Description of the Connector class and its methods (#7)
tarantool/tntcxx: doc/tntcxx_api.rst

.. _tntcxx_api_connector_connect:

..  c:function:: int connect(Connection<BUFFER, NetProvider>& conn, const std::string_view& addr, unsigned port)

>     Connects to a Tarantool instance. If a host doesn't reply within a timeout

Reviewer: What was wrong with "that is listening on `addr:port`"?

Also, what is the host? Is it the same as instance?

Author: Nothing wrong. The idea was to have a short description for the method and move all the details in the description of params. But now I did as you proposed in another comment: method's logic is explained here and in params and return sections we have shorter description.

>     period (2 seconds by default), an error is returned.

Reviewer: How can I change the timeout? Should I?

Author: Until recently the timeout for this function wasn't editable. Now it's implemented as an optional argument. The description is corrected accordingly.

    :param conn: connection object of the ``Connection`` class.
    :param addr: address of the host where a Tarantool instance is running.

>     :param port: port that a Tarantool instance is listening to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :param port: port that a Tarantool instance is listening on.
```

Author: Corrected.

>     :return: ``0`` on success.
>     :return: ``-1`` otherwise. An error message is set that can be get by
>              the ``connection.getError()`` method.

Reviewer: Using two `:return:` attributes seems wrong. There's one return value in the method, anyway.
Also, we can replace passive voice with active:
```suggestion
    :return: ``0`` on success, ``-1`` otherwise.
                 In case of an error, ``connection.getError()`` will give the error message.
```

Reviewer: @Korablev77 `connection.getError()` возвращает сообщение об ошибке (строку) или объект/struct ошибки?

Reviewer 2: std::string - наверное можно считать строкой?

Author: Re: two `:return:` attributes: agree, it can be confusing. We have such a template for describing functions in other places of our documentation (for example, https://www.tarantool.io/en/doc/latest/dev_guide/reference_capi/box/) but it seems we need to correct such places as well.

    :rtype: int

    **Possible errors:**

    *   connection timeout
    *   refused to connect (incorrect address or/and port)

>     *   system errors. For example, a socket cannot be created or any of the

Reviewer: cannot → can not | can't

Author: `can not` is not the case (https://www.grammarly.com/blog/cannot-or-can-not/)
If we want to be less formal and use contractions as the primary option, let's have this as a guideline (Microsoft does: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/style-guide/word-choice/use-contractions)). I can write the guideline.

Author: Corrected.

>         system calls failed (``fcntl``, ``select``, ``send``, ``receive``).

Author: system errors: только эти могут быть (не создался сёкит; фейл системных коллов) или это только пример и могут быть другие?

Reviewer 2: Только эти

    **Example:**

    ..  code-block:: cpp

        using Buf_t = tnt::Buffer<16 * 1024>;
        using Net_t = DefaultNetProvider<Buf_t >;

        Connector<Buf_t, Net_t> client;
        Connection<Buf_t, Net_t> conn(client);

        int rc = client.connect(conn, "127.0.0.1", 3301);

.. _tntcxx_api_connector_wait:

..  c:function:: int wait(Connection<BUFFER, NetProvider>& conn, rid_t future, int timeout = 0)

>     The main method responsible for sending requests and checking response

Reviewer: Can I make a request with `wait()` or should I make it with another method, get a `future` ID and then wait for response with `wait()`?

Reviewer 2: wait() на самом деле шлет реквесты, так что все верно

Author: Updated the description to make thing more clear.

    readiness. Once a response for the specified request is ready,

>     ``wait()`` terminates.

Reviewer 2: Или проходит время таймаута (тогда запрос не готов и функция возвращает -1)

Reviewer: Methods usually exit or return, not terminate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``wait()`` returns 0.
    If it isn't ready at ``timeout``, methods returns -1.
```

Author: Re-wrote the description accordingly.

    :param conn: connection object of the ``Connection`` class.
    :param future: request ID returned by the corresponding method of the ``Connection`` class.
    :param timeout: waiting timeout, milliseconds. Optional. Defaults to ``0``

>                     which means the future is polled until it's ready.

Author: Мы же тут опрашиваем только одно future?

Reviewer 2: В этом методе - да

    :return: ``0`` on receiving a response.
    :return: ``-1`` otherwise. An error message is set that can be get by
             the ``connection.getError()`` method.
    :rtype: int

>     **Possible errors:**

Reviewer 2: Ошибки зависят от используемого движка (NetProvider). Общая только ошибка таймаута Если использовать движок по умолчанию (DefaultNetProvider), то фейлы системных вызовов: poll, read, write (все возможные ошибки, кроме EWOULDBLOCK и EAGAIN - EBADF, ENOTSOCK, EFAULT, EINVAL, EPIPE, ENOTCONN)

    *   connection timeout
    *   connection is broken (for example, closed)

>     *   epoll is failed.

Reviewer: has failed?

Author: re-written

    **Complexity factors:** <description>

    **Example:**

    ..  code-block:: cpp

        rid_t ping = conn.ping();

        while (! conn.futureIsReady(ping)) {
            if (client.wait(conn, ping, WAIT_TIMEOUT) != 0) {
                assert(conn.status.is_failed);
                std::cerr << conn.getError() << std::endl;
                conn.reset();
            }

>         }

Author: Пример взять из Simple.cpp. Нужно ли в примере для wait() оставлять часть по error handling? или можем упростить пример? исходим из того, что читателю будет понятнее и нужнее для практического применения.

Reviewer 2: Я бы наверное оставил просто client.wait(conn, ping, WAIT_TIMEOUT);

Author: Corrected.

.. _tntcxx_api_connector_waitall:

..  c:function:: void waitAll(Connection<BUFFER, NetProvider>& conn, rid_t *futures, size_t future_count, int timeout = 0)

    Responsible for sending several requests and checking response

    :param conn: connection object of the ``Connection`` class.

>     :param *futures: request IDs returned by the corresponding methods of the ``Connection`` class.

Author: или здесь в параметрах массив с IDs реквестов,

Reviewer 2: Это массив ID реквестов размера future_count

Author: Re-wrote the description.

    :param future_count: number of requests to send.
    :param timeout: waiting timeout, milliseconds. Optional. Defaults to ``0``
                    which means the futures are polled until they are ready.

    :return: none
    :rtype: none

    **Possible errors:** <description>

    **Complexity factors:** <description>

    **Example:**

    ..  code-block:: cpp

        rid_t futures[2];
        futures[0] = replace;
        futures[1] = select;

        client.waitAll(conn, (rid_t *) &futures, 2);
        for (int i = 0; i < 2; ++i) {
            assert(conn.futureIsReady(futures[i]));
            response = conn.getResponse(futures[i]);
            assert(response != std::nullopt);;

>         }

Author: Тот же вопрос - нужно ли в примере оставлять часть по error handling?

Reviewer 2: Ответил выше

Author: Corrected.

.. _tntcxx_api_connector_waitany:

..  c:function:: Connection<BUFFER, NetProvider>* waitAny(int timeout = 0)

>     Returns the first connection that has received a response.

Reviewer 2: Или nullptr в случае ошибки

Author: Re-wrote the description.

    :param timeout: waiting timeout, milliseconds. Optional. Defaults to ``0``
                    which means the futures are polled until they are ready.

    :return: connection object of the ``Connection`` class.
    :rtype: Connection<BUFFER, NetProvider>*

    **Possible errors:** <description>

    **Complexity factors:** <description>

    **Example:**

    ..  code-block:: cpp

        Connection<Buf_t, Net_t> *first = client.waitAny(WAIT_TIMEOUT);
        if (first == &conn) {
            assert(conn.futureIsReady(f1));
        } else {
            assert(another.futureIsReady(f2));
        }

.. _tntcxx_api_connector_close:

..  c:function:: void close(Connection<BUFFER, NetProvider>& conn)

    Closes the connection established earlier by
    the :ref:`connect() <tntcxx_api_connector_connect>` method.

    :param conn: connection object of the ``Connection`` class.

    :return: none
    :rtype: none

>     **Possible errors:** <description>

Reviewer 2: Тут ошибок быть не может :)

Reviewer: А если закрыть уже закрытое?

Author: Put `none` to clarify this point.
